me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ make run
cd all-in-1 && bash all-in-1.sh -S
------- Checking input and initializing...
Management hub services will listen on http://127.0.0.1
------- Preparing IEAM template files...
Substituting environment variables into template files...
otherwise taking default values for KAFKA_USER, KAFKA_ACCESS_KEY, KAFKA_TOPIC_PREFIX, KAFKA_REP_FACTOR

------- Initializing...
[sudo] password for me:
------- Checking input and initializing...
Hub services will listen on https://0.0.0.0
Skipping apt-get update
docker-compose is not installed or not at least version 1.21.0, downloading/installing/upgrading it...
Error: ARTIFACTORY_USER and ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN must be set. To create an Access Token go to https://na.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ui/admin/artifactory/user_profile
make: *** [Makefile:23: stop] Error 1
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ export ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN=[removed] cmVm dGtuOjAxO jE2ODYwNDM0 OTg6bnYxTWph UU92RzdlRW ZWOUk1N klHNk1 LYnkz
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ make run
cd all-in-1 && bash all-in-1.sh -S
------- Checking input and initializing...
Management hub services will listen on http://127.0.0.1
------- Preparing IEAM template files...
Substituting environment variables into template files...
otherwise taking default values for KAFKA_USER, KAFKA_ACCESS_KEY, KAFKA_TOPIC_PREFIX, KAFKA_REP_FACTOR

------- Initializing...
------- Checking input and initializing...
Hub services will listen on https://0.0.0.0
Skipping apt-get update
Error: ARTIFACTORY_USER and ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN must be set. To create an Access Token go to https://na.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ui/admin/artifactory/user_profile
make: *** [Makefile:23: stop] Error 1
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ export ARTIFACTORY_USER=kathy@il.ibm.com
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ make run
cd all-in-1 && bash all-in-1.sh -S
------- Checking input and initializing...
Management hub services will listen on http://127.0.0.1
------- Preparing IEAM template files...
Substituting environment variables into template files...
otherwise taking default values for KAFKA_USER, KAFKA_ACCESS_KEY, KAFKA_TOPIC_PREFIX, KAFKA_REP_FACTOR

------- Initializing...
------- Checking input and initializing...
Hub services will listen on https://0.0.0.0
Skipping apt-get update
Authorization in app-resource-mgr, network-resource-mgr, event-resource-mgr, gw-control, app-discovery-service, infrastrucutre-discovery-service, gw-deploy and metric-enricher service disabled
Using MOCK provider for mcnm-auth
Read more about it in https://github.ibm.com/MCNM/mcnm-auth#mock
------- Stopping Horizon services...
rm: cannot remove 'node.policy.json': No such file or directory
rm: cannot remove 'horizon': No such file or directory
------- Stopping MCNM hub services...
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ENDPOINT variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_TENANT_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_USER_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_AGENT_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
Removing network mcnm_mcnmnet
WARNING: Network mcnm_mcnmnet not found.
Removing network mcnm_horizonnet
WARNING: Network mcnm_horizonnet not found.
cd all-in-1 && bash all-in-1.sh -c ../environments/overlays/develop/default
------- Checking input and initializing...
Management hub services will listen on http://127.0.0.1
------- Preparing IEAM template files...
Substituting environment variables into template files...
otherwise taking default values for KAFKA_USER, KAFKA_ACCESS_KEY, KAFKA_TOPIC_PREFIX, KAFKA_REP_FACTOR

------- Initializing...
------- Checking input and initializing...
Hub services will listen on https://0.0.0.0
Skipping apt-get update
Authorization in app-resource-mgr, network-resource-mgr, event-resource-mgr, gw-control, app-discovery-service, infrastrucutre-discovery-service, gw-deploy and metric-enricher service disabled
Using MOCK provider for mcnm-auth
Read more about it in https://github.ibm.com/MCNM/mcnm-auth#mock
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-personal-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-develop-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-testing-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-preprod-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-production-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-cache-docker-remote as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-gw-releases-docker-local as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-quay-io-docker-remote as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Logging into ccs-mcnm-team-gw-develop-docker-local.artifactory.swg-devops.com as kathy@il.ibm.com ...
Certificate /mnt/d/pgw/devops/all-in-1/../certs/mcnmMgmtHub.crt already exists, so not recreating it
------- Downloading/starting MCNM hub services...
Downloading hub docker images...
Starting hub containers...
K: COMPOSE_CMD=docker-compose
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ENDPOINT variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_TENANT_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_USER_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_AGENT_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
Pulling kafka                      ... done
Pulling postgres                   ... done
Pulling redis                      ... done
Pulling vault-mcnm                 ... done
Pulling app-resource-mgr           ... done
Pulling network-resource-mgr       ... done
Pulling event-resource-mgr         ... done
Pulling mcnm-auth                  ... done
Pulling authorization-resource-mgr ... done
Pulling tenant-mgr                 ... done
Pulling infra-discovery-service    ... done
Pulling app-discovery-service      ... done
Pulling gw-control                 ... done
Pulling gw-deploy                  ... done
Pulling te-tunnel-control          ... done
Pulling mcnm-ui                    ... done
Pulling mcnm-health-service        ... done
Pulling instana                    ... done
Pulling nginx                      ... done
Pulling observability              ... done
Pulling metric-enricher            ... done
Pulling thanos-receive             ... done
Pulling thanos-query               ... done
Pulling metrics-datasource-manager ... done
Pulling alertmanager               ... done
Pulling thanos-rule                ... done
Pulling topology-api               ... done
Pulling topology-events            ... done
Pulling exchange-api               ... done
Pulling mongo                      ... done
Pulling css-api                    ... done
Pulling vault-ieam                 ... done
Pulling agbot                      ... done
Pulling neo4j                      ... done
K: after pull
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ENDPOINT variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The MCNM_AUTH_APPLICATION_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_TENANT_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The AUTHRES_HUBADMIN_USER_ID variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_AGENT_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
WARNING: The INSTANA_CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_KEY variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string.
Creating network "mcnm_mcnmnet" with driver "bridge"
Creating network "mcnm_horizonnet" with driver "bridge"
Creating volume "mcnm_kafka_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_postgres_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_pgadmin_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_redis_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_redis_opt_tmp" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_redis_opt_logs" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_mongo_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_mongo_db" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_agbotmsgkey_data" with local driver
Creating volume "mcnm_vault_ieam_data" with local driver
Creating mcnm-auth             ... done
Creating instana               ... done
Creating redis                 ... done
Creating topology-events       ... done
Creating nginx                 ... done
Creating mcnm-health-service        ... done
Creating mongo                 ... done
Creating thanos-receive        ... done
Creating observability_gateway      ... done
Creating topology-api               ... done
Creating thanos-query          ... done
Creating mcnm-ui                    ... done
Creating alertmanager               ... done
Creating kafka                      ... done
Creating vault-mcnm                 ... done
Creating postgres                   ... done
Creating neo4j                      ... done
Creating metrics-datasource-manager ...
Creating gw-control                 ...
Creating metric-enricher            ...
Creating te-tunnel-control          ...
Creating thanos-rule                ...
WARNING: The "event-resource-mgr" service specifies a port on the host. If multiple containers for this service are created on a single host, the port will clash.
WARNING: The "authorization-resource-mgr" service specifies a port on the host. If multiple containers for this service are created on a single host, the port will clash.
WARNING: The "app-resource-mgr" service specifies a port on the host. If multiple containers for this Creating metrics-datasource-manager        ... done
Creating gw-control                        ... done
Creating metric-enricher                   ... done
Creating te-tunnel-control                 ... done
Creating thanos-rule                       ... done
Creating mcnm_event-resource-mgr_1         ... done
Creating mcnm_event-resource-mgr_2         ... done
Creating mcnm_app-resource-mgr_1           ... done
Creating mcnm_app-resource-mgr_2           ... done
Creating exchange-api                      ... done
Creating mcnm_authorization-resource-mgr_1 ... done
Creating mcnm_authorization-resource-mgr_2 ... done
Creating mcnm_network-resource-mgr_1       ... done
Creating mcnm_network-resource-mgr_2       ... done
Creating gw-deploy                         ... done
Creating mcnm_tenant-mgr_1                 ... done
Creating mcnm_tenant-mgr_2                 ... done
Creating vault-ieam                        ... done
Creating css-api                           ... done
Creating app-discovery-service             ... done
Creating infra-discovery-service           ... done
Creating agbot                             ... done
K: after up
Waiting for the exchange.........
------- Creating the user org, and the admin user in both orgs...
Creating exchange hub admin user, and the admin user and agbot in the system org...
------- Creating a Vault instance and performing all setup and configuration operations ...
Checking Vault service status, initialization, and seal...
A Vault instance has not been initialized. Initializing...
Vault instance is sealed. Unsealing...
Creating KV ver.2 secrets engine openhorizon...
Registering auth plugin openhorizon-exchange to Vault instance...
Generating SHA256 hash of openhorizon-exchange plugin...
b7043fa94a7fbab6685303711646db710c9fd832d4d33d467e04e53e4dc5d2f4
Enabling auth method openhorizon-exchange for secrets engine openhorizon...
Configuring auth method openhorizon-exchange for use with the Exchange...
------- Creating an agbot in the exchange...
Creating exchange user org and admin user...
------- Downloading/installing/configuring Horizon agent and CLI...
Downloading the Horizon agent and CLI packages...
Installing the Horizon CLI package...
Configuring the Horizon agent and CLI...
Starting the Horizon agent container...
Unable to find image 'docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-cache-docker-remote/openhorizon/amd64_anax:2.30.0-952' locally
2.30.0-952: Pulling from ccs-mcnm-team-cache-docker-remote/openhorizon/amd64_anax
57de4da701b5: Already exists
cf0f3ebe9f53: Already exists
6d5446b6318e: Pull complete
c299003e228e: Pull complete
b2e97270afaf: Pull complete
94b8ce16b6b6: Pull complete
05debf0a6040: Pull complete
ca9f56fc7bc1: Pull complete
ffae06ff5cdd: Pull complete
Digest: sha256:370856c5ec55fd86f73e2892a2eedd585b1d95694f26327d846e7c354702b802
Status: Downloaded newer image for docker-na-public.artifactory.swg-devops.com/ccs-mcnm-team-cache-docker-remote/openhorizon/amd64_anax:2.30.0-952
610ef3aa6fc0b543a63d9fe8cf0eaf1851ab501f033a7169e519c47de4115f0d
Publishing /tmp/horizon-all-in-1/agent-install.cfg in CSS as public object agent-install.cfg in the IBM org...
Digital sign with SHA1 will be performed for data integrity. It will delay the MMS object publish.
Start hashing the file...
Data hash is generated. Start digital signing with the data hash...
Digital sign finished.
Object agent-install.cfg added to org IBM in the Model Management Service
Creating a Horizon developer key pair...
Creating RSA PSS private and public keys, and an x509 certificate for distribution. This is a CPU-intensive operation and, depending on key length and platform, may take a while. Key generation on an amd64 or ppc64 system using the default key length will complete in less than 1 minute.
Created keys:
        /home/me/.hzn/keys/service.private.key
        /home/me/.hzn/keys/service.public.pem
------- Installing Horizon example services, policies, and patterns...
Using examples repo tag v2.30.0-1177 derived from the hzn version
Cloning https://github.com/open-horizon/examples.git to /tmp/open-horizon/examples ...
Switching to tag v2.30.0-1177 ...
Switched to a new branch 'v2.30.0-1177'
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/cpu_percent to IBM org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/gps to IBM org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/helloworld to IBM org...
Publishing deployment policy of edge/services/helloworld to myorg org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/helloMMS to IBM org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/helloSecretWorld to IBM org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/services/nginx-operator to IBM org...
Publishing deployment policy of edge/services/nginx-operator to myorg org...
Publishing services and patterns of edge/evtstreams/cpu2evtstreams to IBM org...
Publishing deployment policy of edge/evtstreams/cpu2evtstreams to myorg org...
Successfully published all examples to the exchange. Removing /tmp/open-horizon/examples directory.
------- Creating and registering the edge node with policy to run the helloworld Horizon example...
Waiting for the agent to be ready
Note: No properties and constraints are specified under 'deployment' attribute in the node policy file node.policy.json. The top level properties and constraints will be used.
Horizon Exchange base URL: http://127.0.0.1:3090/v1
Node myorg/node1 does not exist in the Exchange with the specified token, creating/updating it...
node added or updated
Node node1 created.
Will proceed with the given node policy.
Updating the node policy...
Initializing the Horizon node with node type 'device'...
Note: no input file was specified. This is only valid if none of the services need variables set.
However, if there is 'userInput' specified in the node already in the Exchange, the userInput will be used.
Changing Horizon state to configured to register this node with Horizon...
Horizon node is registered. Workload services should begin executing shortly.
Waiting for up to 180 seconds for following services to start:
        IBM/ibm.helloworld
Status of the services you are watching:
        IBM/ibm.helloworld      Progress so far: agreement proposal has been received
Status of the services you are watching:
        IBM/ibm.helloworld      Progress so far: agreement is accepted
Status of the services you are watching:
        IBM/ibm.helloworld      Progress so far: execution is started
Status of the services you are watching:
        IBM/ibm.helloworld      Success

----------- Summary of what was done for IEAM:
  1. Started Horizon management hub services: agbot, exchange, postgres DB, CSS, mongo DB, vault
  2. Created exchange resources: system org (IBM) admin user, user org (myorg) and admin user, and agbot
    Automatically generated these passwords/tokens:
      EXCHANGE_ROOT_PW=knqXtOtXzIOfbwpFl9ilGfVWPDU97W
      EXCHANGE_HUB_ADMIN_PW=zHIIl9Kle4xICU0MVVDwEA7yxVGcEv
      EXCHANGE_SYSTEM_ADMIN_PW=luepuXjrxuJlUUpk46xKtUoOgze1Ne
      AGBOT_TOKEN=KNjFbN0FNyLx3TLqVrzgASAv5sR3qZ
      EXCHANGE_USER_ADMIN_PW=knqXtOtXzIOfbwpFl9ilGfVWPDU97W
      HZN_DEVICE_TOKEN=dUkQXkMEmW4qMHBC76DbIrPoOwObgH
    Important: save these generated passwords/tokens in a safe place. You will not be able to query them from Horizon.
  3. Installed and configured the Horizon agent and CLI (hzn)
  4. Created a Horizon developer key pair
  5. Installed the Horizon examples
  6. Created and registered an edge node to run the helloworld example edge service
  7. Created a vault instance: http://127.0.0.1:8200/ui/vault/auth?with=token
    Automatically generated this key/token:
      VAULT_UNSEAL_KEY=I/+hgmmyvF00wR6od81LCH3d0Ay5EMhMhx2IK4loj6c=
      VAULT_ROOT_TOKEN=s.ByaUd6FekHdWm0H8xL3rmCnK
    Important: save this generated key/token in a safe place. You will not be able to query them from Horizon.
  8. Added the hzn auto-completion file to ~/.bashrc (but you need to source that again for it to take effect in this shell session)

For what to do next with IEAM, see: https://github.com/open-horizon/devops/blob/master/mgmt-hub/README.md#all-in-1-what-next
Before running the commands in the What To Do Next section, copy/paste/run these commands in your terminal:
 export HZN_ORG_ID=myorg
 export HZN_EXCHANGE_USER_AUTH=admin:knqXtOtXzIOfbwpFl9ilGfVWPDU97W
 export HORIZON_URL='http://localhost:8081'
 export HZN_EXCHANGE_URL=http://127.0.0.1:3090/v1
 export HZN_FSS_CSSURL=http://127.0.0.1:9445/

----------- Summary of what was done for MCNM:
  1. Started MCNM hub services associated with profile(s): complete,ieam
  2. Installed kafka CLI: kafkacat

You can access your deployment in https://localhost:4433/

If you want to use the MCNM Vault, use the following
- URL: http://0.0.0.0:8201/ui/vault/
- Root token: mcnmvaultroot

For what to do next with MCNM, see: https://github.ibm.com/MCNM/devops/blob/develop/all-in-1/README.md#all-in-1-what-next
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$


me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$ env
SHELL=/bin/bash
WSL2_GUI_APPS_ENABLED=1
GVM_VERSION=1.0.22
WSL_DISTRO_NAME=u20work
WT_SESSION=0bbadd94-a2c8-42d8-88e6-32682e5aa7b7
GVM_PATH_BACKUP=/home/me/.gvm/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games:/usr/local/games:/usr/lib/wsl/lib:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/system32:/mnt/c/WINDOWS:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/Wbem:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/WindowsPowerShell/v1.0/:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/OpenSSH/:/mnt/c/Program Files (x86)/gsudo/:/mnt/c/Program Files/dotnet/:/mnt/c/Program Files/Git/cmd:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Packages/PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.10_qbz5n2kfra8p0/LocalCache/local-packages/Python310/Scripts:/mnt/d/Program Files/Go/bin:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Microsoft/WindowsApps:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Programs/Microsoft VS Code/bin:/mnt/d/gohome/go/bin:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Box/Box Edit/:/snap/bin
ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN=[ removed] cmVmdGtuOjAx OjE2ODY wNDM0OTg 6bnYxTWp hUU92R zdlRWZW OUk1Nk lHNk1LYnkz
GOPRIVATE=github.ibm.com/palmetto
NAME=u20work
PWD=/mnt/d/pgw/devops
LOGNAME=me
ARTIFACTORY_APIKEY=[removed] AKCp8j QTdL1VHZin XTDrbrqy XU1fL SCAmpyuL h3qS5s7kL fh1cSXtby GzTqXSdDB Wfvb29C1u
MOTD_SHOWN=update-motd
HOME=/home/me
LANG=C.UTF-8
WSL_INTEROP=/run/WSL/1714_interop
GITHUB_TOKEN=[removed, starts with ghp_] M41lv WpB2Su5X B1ZnD fClG3a 2D0D21 KcPMl
LS_COLORS=rs=0:di=01;34:ln=01;36:mh=00:pi=40;33:so=01;35:do=01;35:bd=40;33;01:cd=40;33;01:or=40;31;01:mi=00:su=37;41:sg=30;43:ca=30;41:tw=30;42:ow=34;42:st=37;44:ex=01;32:*.tar=01;31:*.tgz=01;31:*.arc=01;31:*.arj=01;31:*.taz=01;31:*.lha=01;31:*.lz4=01;31:*.lzh=01;31:*.lzma=01;31:*.tlz=01;31:*.txz=01;31:*.tzo=01;31:*.t7z=01;31:*.zip=01;31:*.z=01;31:*.dz=01;31:*.gz=01;31:*.lrz=01;31:*.lz=01;31:*.lzo=01;31:*.xz=01;31:*.zst=01;31:*.tzst=01;31:*.bz2=01;31:*.bz=01;31:*.tbz=01;31:*.tbz2=01;31:*.tz=01;31:*.deb=01;31:*.rpm=01;31:*.jar=01;31:*.war=01;31:*.ear=01;31:*.sar=01;31:*.rar=01;31:*.alz=01;31:*.ace=01;31:*.zoo=01;31:*.cpio=01;31:*.7z=01;31:*.rz=01;31:*.cab=01;31:*.wim=01;31:*.swm=01;31:*.dwm=01;31:*.esd=01;31:*.jpg=01;35:*.jpeg=01;35:*.mjpg=01;35:*.mjpeg=01;35:*.gif=01;35:*.bmp=01;35:*.pbm=01;35:*.pgm=01;35:*.ppm=01;35:*.tga=01;35:*.xbm=01;35:*.xpm=01;35:*.tif=01;35:*.tiff=01;35:*.png=01;35:*.svg=01;35:*.svgz=01;35:*.mng=01;35:*.pcx=01;35:*.mov=01;35:*.mpg=01;35:*.mpeg=01;35:*.m2v=01;35:*.mkv=01;35:*.webm=01;35:*.ogm=01;35:*.mp4=01;35:*.m4v=01;35:*.mp4v=01;35:*.vob=01;35:*.qt=01;35:*.nuv=01;35:*.wmv=01;35:*.asf=01;35:*.rm=01;35:*.rmvb=01;35:*.flc=01;35:*.avi=01;35:*.fli=01;35:*.flv=01;35:*.gl=01;35:*.dl=01;35:*.xcf=01;35:*.xwd=01;35:*.yuv=01;35:*.cgm=01;35:*.emf=01;35:*.ogv=01;35:*.ogx=01;35:*.aac=00;36:*.au=00;36:*.flac=00;36:*.m4a=00;36:*.mid=00;36:*.midi=00;36:*.mka=00;36:*.mp3=00;36:*.mpc=00;36:*.ogg=00;36:*.ra=00;36:*.wav=00;36:*.oga=00;36:*.opus=00;36:*.spx=00;36:*.xspf=00;36:
WAYLAND_DISPLAY=wayland-0
GVM_ROOT=/home/me/.gvm
LESSCLOSE=/usr/bin/lesspipe %s %s
TERM=xterm-256color
LESSOPEN=| /usr/bin/lesspipe %s
USER=me
DISPLAY=:0
GITHUB_TOKEN=[removed, starts with ghp_] M41lv WpB2Su5X B1ZnD fClG3a 2D0D21 KcPMl
SHLVL=1
XDG_RUNTIME_DIR=/run/user/1000/
WSLENV=WT_SESSION::WT_PROFILE_ID
XDG_DATA_DIRS=/usr/local/share:/usr/share:/var/lib/snapd/desktop
PATH=/home/me/.gvm/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games:/usr/local/games:/usr/lib/wsl/lib:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/system32:/mnt/c/WINDOWS:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/Wbem:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/WindowsPowerShell/v1.0/:/mnt/c/WINDOWS/System32/OpenSSH/:/mnt/c/Program Files (x86)/gsudo/:/mnt/c/Program Files/dotnet/:/mnt/c/Program Files/Git/cmd:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Packages/PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.10_qbz5n2kfra8p0/LocalCache/local-packages/Python310/Scripts:/mnt/d/Program Files/Go/bin:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Microsoft/WindowsApps:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Programs/Microsoft VS Code/bin:/mnt/d/gohome/go/bin:/mnt/c/Users/854501756/AppData/Local/Box/Box Edit/:/snap/bin
DBUS_SESSION_BUS_ADDRESS=unix:path=/run/user/1000/bus
HOSTTYPE=x86_64
ARTIFACTORY_USER=kathy@il.ibm.com
PULSE_SERVER=unix:/mnt/wslg/PulseServer
WT_PROFILE_ID={8a57772a-7c8e-5701-b177-d02b49a28d1c}
OLDPWD=/mnt/d/pgw/gateway
_=/usr/bin/env
me@u20work:/mnt/d/pgw/devops$

